Updated README. (#75)
chainguard-dev/melange: README.md

   [apko]: https://github.com/chainguard-dev/apko

## Install

> Melange has a dependency on [Alpine Linux](https://www.alpinelinux.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Melange has a dependency on [apk-tools](https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/apk-tools).
```

> tooling. Currently the easiest way to run melange is inside an Alpine VM or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the easiest way to run melange is inside an Alpine VM or
```
